# goapi

This is a Go API application that provides [brief description of the purpose or functionality of your API].

Application Takes in a JSON receipt (see example in the example directory) and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code.

The ID returned is the ID that should be passed into /receipts/{id}/points to get the number of points the receipt was awarded.

How many points should be earned are defined by the rules below.


-One point for every alphanumeric character in the retailer name.
-50 points if the total is a round dollar amount with no cents.
-25 points if the total is a multiple of 0.25.
-5 points for every two items on the receipt.
-If the trimmed length of the item description is a multiple of 3, multiply the price by 0.2 and round up to the nearest integer. The result is the number of points earned.
-6 points if the day in the purchase date is odd.
-10 points if the time of purchase is after 2:00pm and before 4:00pm.

Installation
============= 

1)Clone the repository:

    - bash

    - git clone https://github.com/Carol757/goapi.git

2)Navigate to the project directory:

    - cd goapi

3)Install the required dependencies:

    - go

    - go mod download

Usage
============= 

1)Run the application:

    - go

    - go run main.go

    The API server will start on http://localhost:8080.


2)Use a tool like cURL or Postman to interact with the API endpoints.

API Endpoints
---------------
### Endpoint: Process Receipts ###  
- Path: /receipts/{id}/points

- Method: GET

- Response: A JSON object containing the number of points awarded.

- Description: A simple Getter endpoint that looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.]

 **Example:**

 - bash

 - curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/receipts/{id}/points

 **Response:**

    { "points": 32 }

 ### Endpoint: Get Points ###

 - Path: /receipts/process

 - Method: POST

 - Payload: Receipt JSON

 - Response: JSON containing an id for the receipt.

 - Description: Takes in a JSON receipt (see example in the example directory) and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code.

 **Example:**

 - bash

 - curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"key": "value"}' http://localhost:8080/receipts/process

 **Response:**

    { "id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310" }
